Eumerate interface (#17)
m3g/ChunkSplitters.jl: docs/src/index.md

julia> @btime sum_parallel(x -> log(x)^7, $x; nchunks=Threads.nthreads());
  120.429 ms (98 allocations: 7.42 KiB)
```
Of course, `chunks` can also be used in conjunction with `@threads` (see below).

## Shared buffers: using enumerate

If shared buffers are required, the enumeration of the buffers by
chunk using `enumerate` is useful, to avoid using the id of the thread. For example,
here we accumulate intermediate results of the sum in an array
`chunk_sums` of length `nchunks`, which is later reduced:

A simple `@threads`-based example:
```jldoctest
julia> using ChunkSplitters, Base.Threads

julia> x = collect(1:10^5);

julia> nchunks = nthreads();

julia> chunk_sums = zeros(Int, nchunks);

julia> @threads for (ichunk, idxs) in enumerate(chunks(x, nchunks))
           chunk_sums[ichunk] += sum(@view x[idxs])
       end

julia> sum(chunk_sums)
5000050000
```

> !!! warning
>     Using shared buffers can lead to performance issues caused by *false-sharing*, in which
>     multiple threads try to concurrently read data from nearby memory regions. The example
>     above intends to illustrate the syntax to be used to index the buffers, rather than
>     to suggest this a an optimal pattern for parallelization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
    Using shared buffers like this can lead to performance issues caused by *false-sharing*:
    A thread writes to the buffer, invalidates the cache-line for other threads, and thus causes expensive restoration of [cache coherence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cache_coherence).
    The example above intends to illustrate the syntax to be used to index the buffers, rather than
    to suggest this a an optimal pattern for parallelization. 
```
